README.md, before:

# Useless Bash Scripts
Those are some random scripts I made in bash with an explanation of how to use them:
## 1. Count:
Its a fractions calculator, just type in four numbers and give it an operation (+, -, /, *). And PLEASE dont type in 0, becouse I forgot to fix that ;)
## 1.1 Count2:
The same as the previous one BUT with the zero problem fixed and a MUCH more efficient way of calculating the addition and subtraction. AND remember about the bash intiger limit.
## 2. Click_me:
A stupid little script, that just says it hacked you lol.
## 3. Game:
A simple game about eating letters. You move with WASD. To exit press q or just ctrl + c.
## 4. Login:
A simple one-liner that simulates logging in. It actually saves your username and password in a file called `saved`. The password is actually encrypted on the spot, so it's "safe". It's made for ZSH so it wont probably work on any other shells. It allows multiple users, change password for a user by registering under the same username (I know it's not so safe ;) ). Press `r` to select `register`.
## 5. Numbers:
A Fibonacci number generator in a one-liner. It looks super satisfying too!
## 6. Preset_text:
It's the simpliest one-liner so far, it has an "input" that when typing always displays the preset `msg` variable. May be funny if you have stupid friends.
## More coming later (Probably)
I'll try uploading something soon.
## How to use:
Just download and use `bash <script_name>`. Linux is required or at least a VM.
## Hope you like them :)

Commit message:

Add maze generator section to README
Added a maze generator feature with usage instructions.

README.md, after:

# Useless Bash Scripts
Those are some random scripts I made in bash with an explanation of how to use them:
## 1. Count:
Its a fractions calculator, just type in four numbers and give it an operation (+, -, /, *). And PLEASE dont type in 0, becouse I forgot to fix that ;)
## 1.1 Count2:
The same as the previous one BUT with the zero problem fixed and a MUCH more efficient way of calculating the addition and subtraction. AND remember about the bash intiger limit.
## 2. Click_me:
A stupid little script, that just says it hacked you lol.
## 3. Game:
A simple game about eating letters. You move with WASD. To exit press q or just ctrl + c.
## 4. Login:
A simple one-liner that simulates logging in. It actually saves your username and password in a file called `saved`. The password is actually encrypted on the spot, so it's "safe". It's made for ZSH so it wont probably work on any other shells. It allows multiple users, change password for a user by registering under the same username (I know it's not so safe ;) ). Press `r` to select `register`.
## 5. Numbers:
A Fibonacci number generator in a one-liner. It looks super satisfying too!
## 6. Preset_text:
It's the simpliest one-liner so far, it has an "input" that when typing always displays the preset `msg` variable. May be funny if you have stupid friends.
## 7. Maze:
A "maze" generator to hide your file with a menu included for selecting path to the file you want to hide. **Use `-h` for all arguments**. It generates MANY directories so be careful, I recommend not going over 4 layers. The input file specified in the help menu is used as an array, but the duplicate elements are removed. I recommend not using a big file as input.
## More coming later (Probably)
I'll try uploading something soon.
## How to use:
Just download and use `bash <script_name>`. Linux is required or at least a VM.
## Hope you like them :)
